feat(aws-serverless): Add Lambda extension and container images docs (#17491)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/aws-lambda/install/container-image.mdx

---
title: Container Image
description: >-
  Learn how to install the Sentry Lambda extension to use Sentry in your

>   container image-based Lambda functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  container image-based Lambda functions.
```

## 2. Install `@sentry/aws-serverless`

The extension binaries ship inside the `@sentry/aws-serverless` npm package. Install it as a dependency even if your application uses a different Sentry SDK — only the extension files from this package are copied into the image.

```bash {tabTitle:npm}
npm install @sentry/aws-serverless
```

```bash {tabTitle:yarn}
yarn add @sentry/aws-serverless
```

```bash {tabTitle:pnpm}
pnpm add @sentry/aws-serverless
```

## 3. Copy the Extension into Your Docker Image

AWS Lambda discovers extensions by scanning `/opt/extensions/` for executable files. Copy the wrapper script there and the runtime entrypoint to `/opt/sentry-extension/`:

```dockerfile {filename:Dockerfile}
FROM public.ecr.aws/lambda/nodejs:22

# Copy the Sentry Lambda extension
RUN mkdir -p /opt/sentry-extension
COPY node_modules/@sentry/aws-serverless/build/lambda-extension/sentry-extension /opt/extensions/sentry-extension
COPY node_modules/@sentry/aws-serverless/build/lambda-extension/index.mjs /opt/sentry-extension/index.mjs
RUN chmod +x /opt/extensions/sentry-extension /opt/sentry-extension/index.mjs

# ... rest of your Dockerfile
```

> The wrapper at `/opt/extensions/sentry-extension` must be executable — Lambda will skip it otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the wrapper at `/opt/extensions/sentry-extension` is executable, or Lambda will skip it.
```

## 4. Tunnel Sentry Events Through the Extension

Point your SDK at the extension by setting the `tunnel` option to `http://localhost:9000/envelope`. This URL is fixed — the extension always listens on port 9000.

The same setting works with any Sentry SDK in your image:

```javascript {filename:instrument.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/sveltekit";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tunnel: "http://localhost:9000/envelope",
});
```

## How It Works

When Lambda starts your container, it launches every executable in `/opt/extensions/` alongside the runtime. The Sentry extension registers for `INVOKE` and `SHUTDOWN` events and starts a local HTTP server on port 9000.

> Each envelope your SDK sends to `http://localhost:9000/envelope` is forwarded to the Sentry ingestion endpoint derived from the envelope's DSN header. Because the extension is a separate process from your function, Lambda keeps it alive across the freeze/thaw boundary — events queued just before a freeze still get delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each envelope your SDK sends to `http://localhost:9000/envelope` is forwarded to the Sentry ingestion endpoint derived from the envelope's DSN header. Because the extension is a separate process from your function, Lambda keeps it alive across the freeze/thaw boundary, so that events queued just before a freeze still get delivered.
```
